 You guys, look back to Stocklok.incerity today I want to talk about PayPal. PayPal is one of the positions I started making since actually a lot of times that I tried. Now I have the feeling that I've eventually tried enough to have a stable position right now. I always had some positions with higher conviction, but right now in my opinion the story of PayPal has changed and shifted a lot in my opinion. Also they are standing way too strong against their stock price. So a little way up already should be already a nice investment because that's literally the thing that should happen for PayPal because it's a way to a company that's way to stable actually. Just only thing is that there's not really the revenue growth which people want, but again it's also coming back to the 7.8. Even maybe 9% of revenue growth. So that's nice, but talking about more details stuff will go into this video in a minute. And yeah, just for now PayPal is a position I want to build out even more. As you see I have 61 shares of PayPal. It's actually not really a big position, but if you put it in the category of worth it's the fourth largest position for me. And yeah just above it is Elf Beauty, but I want PayPal to be actually third in this portfolio. Then I want Elf Beauty, then I want Shopify and then I want Honest. Even though actually I want Shopify PayPal and Elf Beauty to be a little bit of the same size, but again there has to be some hierarchy and yeah that's what I want to do. So PayPal, a lot of conviction in the stock. That's why I eventually now have the capacity to make a nice position in it and a conviction. So just a little bit before we start, just before we start, I did have some positions that I sold, bought, sold, bought. That's why I already have 220 euros which is not a lot in realized profit gains. But now I really want a position for the long term because there's not that many stocks that have my higher conviction than these stocks. Of course Honest is still a risk play, but then again I believe in fundamentals, I just need something like this in my portfolio because you need something to play with a little bit to learn and also just, well you need some risk to have some higher rewards sometimes. So that's also a position where I build out by the way. So I already talked too much, already three minutes in, but we'll go into the full video of PayPal. So today we're going to break down PayPal, a company that many investors walked away from, but one that is now quietly entering one of the strongest turnaround phases we've seen in the FinTech years. This is not the same PayPal from 2021 or 2022. The business has changed, the leadership has changed and most importantly the financial trajectory has changed and the market still hasn't priced that in, so let's get into it. Well, starting with what PayPal actually is, well I have a whole document made up together with Chagypti of course, but just to make it as clear as possible. But yeah, PayPal is not just a check out but in PayPal, one of the largest global financial infrastructure networks processing over 1.5 trillion. That's a lot. Dollars in payments every year across 200 plus countries and 430 million of active accounts. It provides the following online check out. So we have online check out for e-commerce stores, merchant processing for enterprise platforms, peer-to-peer payments through Venmo, Fraud Detection and Identity Scoring, subscription billing, cross-border settlement and the digital wallet services of course. PayPal is essentially a backbone of digital commerce, similar to Visa and Mascart but optimized for online attractions, especially for online stores. This is embedded infrastructure, another placeable app and just wants to make things way easier for paying. So we have the PayPal check out, so the PayPal check out but news on the e-commerce stores, you're probably already seen that. This is a high conversion and consumer trust, so that's the strategic rover also going through. And the margin profile is that this is a medium margin but a medium margin is literally perfect if you have this as one of the main things to come out as PayPal. And yeah, this is literally the thing that gives people a lot of trust that's actually what I want to talk about here. So then going forward with print tree, this actually scales across large merchants and platforms and this is actually an enterprise payment processing like Stripe Comp editor. And yeah, going forward, this is a margin improving through reprising. Then we have the VAMMO, social peer-to-peer wallet with debit and app-based financial services which is a cultural relevance and now entering monetization phase. So this is in other words jumping on trends so you can compete with competitors. The margin is rising as commercials out and of course the risk throughout identity intelligence which is AI driven throughout scoring and behavioral identity verification. The data mode is extremely defensible and it has a high margin recurrent revenue because this is not really a product you have to put in that much of money when it's actually being co-ed and when it's built up in the right way. So the big summary paper is actively shifting from volume-based growth to profitable high value revenue makes. So yeah, the core products and why they matter is well we have the paper checkouts. This is a pay with paper button. It's just as familiar and converged better than standard card entry merchants keeping because it increases completed sales, print tree which is the Stripe Comp editor. It's Paypal's Enterprise Payments engine, Uber, it powers payments for Uber, Airbnb, Spotify, Meta and DoorDash. Historically, the brain tree grew fast but with low margins. Now Paypal is reprising contracts to improve profitability. This is one of the biggest drivers of margin expansion going forward. Of course, Venmo already talked about all of this but I want to make it clear with more details. Venmo is culturally embedded in the US but up to now Venmo was mainly peer-to-peer which generates almost no revenue. Now Venmo is being integrated into e-commerce checkout and retail, meaning margin fees, subscription billing and higher margin revenue. This is a monetization unlock. Then the risked fraud identity intelligence. So already talked a little bit about it but this is the Paypal's mode actually and this is what it takes it away from competitors. And this data layer is trained using trillions of transactions. It reduces fraud for merchants and improves approval rates. This is high margin, hard copy and extremely valuable for Paypal on its own. The turn around, new CEO, new priorities is September 23, Alex Chris became CEO. He's not a high pleader or he's an operator. So he shifted Paypal from user count to high value active users, value at any cost to profitability first, PtoP Venmo to commercial monetization and the Sproul to core product focus. So actually it's overall a better business already with only your shift going to that. The turn around begins in margins, no revenue and that is exactly what we're seeing and that's actually something you can talk about with Honest, the other company we're always talking about on this channel. Turn around begin in margins, not revenue. That's why revenue can decline or be very low but in the meantime margins are stabilizing and net profit goes higher. Going forward to the earnings evidence, the data supers the shift and risked earnings show clear improvement. So the key financial metrics which are current, so we have the revenue growth going up to 8 to 9% again which is improving. We have the operating margin up year over year which is improving. We have free cash flow of plus 5 billion which is a lot so strong and stable. Total payment for you of 1.5 trillion. So studies like the up even and share buybacks is increasing. This is accelerating EPS and this is one of the biggest catalysts for Paypal. Of course the Venmo monetization which is still early status and yeah it is improving. Going to the last one we have the prey 3 margins and historically low so there's a lot of margin to be made and it is now improving. This is no longer declining story. This is a recovery in progress with even very good evidence. The major catalysts which that most investors are mostly missing which is the Paypal which is a GCPT integration Paypal's no payment system inside GCPT or will be enabling in Chets purchases as conversional commerce growth Paypal becomes a default transaction and backend. Fastlane 1 tab check out. This reduces check out friction and boost merchant conversion rates and merchants don't remove solutions that increase sales. This is sticky adoption. Then the Venmo commerce expansion so the moment Venmo becomes a checkout method, revenue producer increases a lot. Brain tree reprising so the transitioning from growth at any cost to profitable enterprise processing which was already talked about. Cross-border volume recovery so international transactions carry higher margins so boosts EPS and with Paypal you really have to have a better EPS growing each year for actually the stock price to be even more undervalued or eventually following it. Regulation, pressuring Apple Pay NFC so if Apple is forced to open tap to pay access Paypal and Venmo return to in store payments. Share buybacks at low valuation and EPS rises even if revenue is flat, mathematically unavoidable. With all of this going on, stock price staying where it is even going back to the 60s after going to almost 80s. Well yeah that brings the stock to even more of an undervaluation. So the valuation at this point, this is where it gets interesting. Paypal currently trades at 12 to 14, well 12 between 14 PE, price to 3 cash flow is 9 and market cap stands at around under or above slightly 70 billion. This is the value of stock pricing on a company with strong free cash flow, improving margins, a clear turnaround road map, a major monetization growth cycle, growing EPS and if Paypal reaches 12 dollars of EPS by 2030 which is a realistic execution target then we have the following. If I put it in here no so I will talk about it. We have a conservative rate of 15 PE which brings it with that 12 dollars of EPS so give the 10 dollars EPS with each scenario in mind, brings it to $180 in a conservative way. Normal fin deck re-rating so all of the things go normal, revenue is growing normal, then we have an 18 to 22 times PE which brings the stock price to 260 and 264 possible in dollars. So the book is, brings it to 25 PE in my opinion and above $300 by 2030 which is and can be less than 4 years because if it happens in the beginning of 2030 then this is less than 5 years so around 4 years and otherwise by the end of 2030 it should be 5 years. This is another 3X to 5X upside with requiring hype or unrealistic assumptions this is just based on the basics. So a financial summary is that Paypal is not declining, not dying, not irrelevant, it is profitable, cash rich, deeply embedded in global commerce, undergoing a measured data back to turnaround with monetization and margin expansion runaway ahead and I feature look at this here. It's too damn strong to ignore and keep the stock price where it is and with all of the catalysts coming and starting to wake up, well the market is still pricing Paypal based on it past but the future surgery is improving and is already being ignored for a while. And this is what opportunity looks like before the re-rating happens. This is one that's been in the making for a while right now but I think there are some things as I said before starting to wake up and now just investors around stock will need to wake up and pick it up again. But yeah I believe a lot in the stock I want to add more and yeah thanks for watching, see you later guys.