 Hey, everybody. I said a while ago that PayPal is my number one stock to buy as we head into 2026 and I am sticking with that. The third quarter earnings, they looked fine. Nothing too bad. Nothing too that stood out too much. I'm going to go through them in just a second. But there it's really the future and that what they're doing that isn't reflected in the numbers yet. I'm going to give some specifics that makes me really excited about this company going forward, especially at the current price level. Because PayPal trades at like 12 times earnings right now, despite having a net cash position on a talent sheet and high profitability. But I'm getting ahead of myself. Before we dive in, take a minute and check out the link you see on your screen. Full.com slash Frankl. Get the top 10 stocks to buy right now from the Motley Fool. It is the best way to support this work I'm doing on YouTube. Again, full.com slash Frankl. So let me share my screen. I just want to quickly recap PayPal's third quarter. And you can see right here that, like I said, the results were good. Nothing spectacular, but good. Total payment volume was up about 8% year every year. PayPal's processing roughly $1.8 trillion of payment volume on an annualized basis. The dominant leader in online payments though. From that revenue grew by 7% year every year. Transaction margin is still strong. It's not under pressure as much as a lot of people thought it was going to be on an adjusted basis earnings were up 12% year every year. Free cash flow grew 48% year every year. PayPal is roughly generating about $7 billion of free cash flow in 2025 is the expectation. Highly, highly profitable business. Just to kind of run down where PayPal stands right now. 438 million active accounts up just 1% year every year. Not spectacular, but the number was declining after the pandemic for a while. So this is kind of nice to see. A lot of payment transactions, 6.3 billion payment transactions. The things that they're focusing on are going really, really well. Venmo in particular, Venmo monetization is a big focus of management right now. And the third quarter, Venmo revenue, I mentioned overall revenue was up 8% year every year. Venmo revenue was up 20% year every year. Monthly active accounts. I mentioned PayPal as a whole active accounts were up 1%. Venmo's were up 7% year every year. So they're monetizing their users much better. Venmo, a lot of their new products like the Venmo debit card, they're really resonating well with customers. So that's really nice to see. And just hear some of the other things that they were focusing on. So pay with Venmo, that's another thing. It's where you can pay with Venmo at stores and websites directly without having to use your PayPal account. That grew by roughly 40% year every year. You can see on the channel something they're also going to like paying in store. They added 2 million first time PayPal and Venmo debit card users. The Venmo debit card was 40% year every year growth. And there's a lot that, like I mentioned, is not reflected in these numbers. A lot of this is new. The advertising platform that was launched late last year is just really starting to ramp up. They're making a lot available to small businesses in terms of ad placements and things like that. And I'm really excited to see where that goes. They just announced a partnership with OpenAI to become the first payment wallet that's integrated into chat GPT for AI powered shopping. I'm really curious to see where that goes. That's a pretty big deal. Companies like Shopify, Walmart and Etsy are the e-commerce companies that are already integrated into chat GPT. Now there will be a way to seamlessly pay for things. The new Google partnership that was recently announced that collaborate on building out payment tools that are going to be embedded throughout Google's ecosystem. So that's really nice. They're rolling out some of the most aggressive buy now pay later incentives in the industry, like 5% cash back on buy now pay later transactions through the end of the year. I'm curious to see where that goes because that's a very fast growing market and a really good way to bring people into PayPal's ecosystem. So a lot that's not reflected in the numbers yet. Very excited about the stock, I guess at like 12 times earnings as we head into 2026. It's my top stock to buy for 2026 and I'm going to stand by that. So we're going to watch this again in a year and see how how it's working out. But leave me any comments you have. I'll do my best to answer any of them individually. Thanks for watching. I want to thank the Motley Fool for sponsoring this video. The Motley Fool's a company that provides investing insight and stock recommendations for investors of all skill sets and risk levels. You all know how much I love researching new stocks and trying to find the next best investment. So I'm proud to partner with the Motley Fool to bring you 10 stock from their popular product stock advisor. Stock advisor has beaten the market by more than five times. Go to full.com slash franklet to get your 10 stock picks now. The Motley Fool's stock advisor returns are 914% as of January 7th 2025 and are measured against the S&P 500 returns of 174% as of January 7th 2025.